Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, when the user clicks on, log in.
If no errors, then are going to take the user to the next page.
Okay, so in this lecture, we are going to do this.
Okay.
Now, what I asked you to do was provided the screens for the you're going to create a new fly and you're
gonna call the fi bottom up.
And the reason for that is because in the future, they're going to have a bottom navigation bar where
users are going to be able to easily navigate to different pages.
Okay.
So they're able to do it together in this lecture.
So why this crease for the middle creates a new high.
They're going to call this five bottom.
But on this call now.
But then the station wishes to add that.
Okay.
Now, I also told you to either you just add less widgets or is it more widgets?
Now we can just go with this widget for now because we can easily change it later.
So you can go for this widget as well.
You can see bottom.
Now Denver.
Right.
Is going to try to make this wide in over year with a large first.
That is true.
And what's in that report?
The material that that package.
Now, instead of returning just the container, we can reach on a scaffold.
So the advice as to loss of property like the body and others.
Okay.
So now for the now, we're just going to have a body.
There are other uses since our widgets are centered in this widgets.
Regular reason.
Okay.
Now we can have a test widgets so we can see tied to the chart is going to be a test widgets.
For now we can just to work up.
Okay.
Now you're going to use controls to save this file.
Now we need to take users to the next page.
Are clicking on log in.
We are taking the user to the next page.
That is if no heroes.
Okay.
Now we're going to go to the login screen.
Now I'm going to show you something.
Over here, we are simply saying if there is not a quarter Celsius, that's because there must be an
error, probably bad email format, network errors or shut password or account, not cloud or something
else.
Okay.
Now, if there is an error, we want to return the error in a snack bar.
Right.
Okay.
Now over.
You have an error.
That's mis you.
The user successfully filled in is ditches without any error, no accounts issues or any issues at all.
Then you're going to do some two year.
Right.
So over here we have if was is not required to sources, which means there is something wrong for the
spot.
And then there is something which I think I've said before.
Now the.
Now the gate or.
The off contest.
So now the greater good of contest.
Then rebels said Dutch push.
Coach.
For the roots.
It is like Syria, but Syria page.
Let's see.
We are teenage.
Roots.
Okay.
Great.
Now for the view there is going to be these protests.
Then we can see a contest.
Now, like I told you some of the time, it is not really necessary to pass in the time, if not, because
as all said, it is a type of beauty contest.
Right.
Okay.
Now we can either use this type of function.
If you want, you can.
Once you just have a function, you have to say it's on.
But of.
Now.
But you can see we have the bottom navigation bar as the widget, we have the bottom navigation bar
item as the widgets.
We are the boats of the navigation team as a widget.
So make sure you don't name your fire windows.
If not, you're going to get issues.
That was the reason I said we should.
Maybe it's with bottom bar because I don't think there is any widget known as bottom, even if there
is, but not with the shorts and every I think there should be a bottom navigation bar.
Okay.
So make sure you don't call, you'll find that name.
If not, you're going to get into issues.
Okay, so what's not bar?
This is our Phi.
Okay, great.
What we can do is we can add this away.
Now, as you remember, we remove this retard.
They're going to get the issue.
Will they?
Okay, so we need to had the retard.
Right.
What?
What we can just do.
We can use an arrow function.
So just go on.
Do this.
That's where it was before they were able to get rid of this.
Okay.
Now we can use an arrow function.
Then we can.
So once you go to the bottom.
But now.
But.
Okay, great.
Now, some of the time it is necessary to had the time and some of the time it is not.
In this case, it is not really necessary to have disputes contest.
So we can get rid of this that you're going to use contribute this to save.
Now what we are simply saying is over.
You said if race is not equal to success, that means there must be an error.
Or if there is error, whatever it is, there is no error.
Then once you go to the.
Bottom of the page.
Now, you can easily rewrite this yourself.
You can then say this is not equal.
You can say is equal to this.
I said, if it is equal to success, it means that there is no error.
Then this should be here.
Right.
So you can see if there is no error.
That is this.
Currently this is saying if there is no error, that is Israel.
Israel, if race is equal to so says, then we can we can just rewrite this.
Right.
So I just got a copy of this.
I probably think we should leave it that way.
Or.
What should we do?
Okay.
So we can.
Yes.
Libertad not equal to.
Because if it is not equal to.
We want to return the error.
But if it is equal to that is the earth.
It is always the opposite of the here.
The here is the opposite of the house.
The house is the opposite of what the if you get it now so you can see if it is equal to its sources,
then you are going to go to this -- as if it is not because it's houses, which means there was an
error.
Then you're going to return this level.
Well, nobody has.
So you can easily rewrite this yourself or just leave it this way.
The important thing is you understand it now.
Okay.
Now that we know how to start this.
Let's just start then we're going to go to our.
No, I think I have an account that is associated with an email card.
Had been.
Had been hot had Gmail and Gmail that come in, which are the passwords of P E, so the E to a, y and
C forgetting for some reasons, I basically remove the debts of secured test.
Okay.
So I'm going to add that I've secured test to two.
I'm just going to type it again.
Probably.
I forgot to add stops to the each way and see their outlook on or it's the log in.
Okay, great.
They can see too close to what you work on page because we don't have any issues.
Now we can also confirm it on the evo, continue to check if really we are logged in.
Okay, great.
So you can see the way to find I did talk on this about this.
So this is like your ID or this is our Heidi.
Oh, this is the idea to that user.
You can see over here, you are now logged in.
Okay.
So this was what I asked you to do.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.